the patriarch's parade is actually
entered here into the Church of the Holy
sep but let me just show you around this
is empty normally this place would be
completely packed out all the way into
the courtyard there as well now it's
interesting because the parade itself
was led by the scouts who would normally
have drums who would have musical
instruments and they would be playing
them really loudly there' be a much more
A celebratory atmosphere that isn't
happening because of the Christian
Community showing solidarity with the
Palestinians in Gaza now like I said
normally this place would be packed full
of catalic coming from all over the
world those tourists have simply stayed
away but there is a community that does
want to come here Palestinian Christians
from the occupied West Bank but they're
not allowed to come in by the Israelis
the Israelis have simply banned them uh
from even visiting uh one of the Sacred
holy sites on one of the most important
key dates of the year now the Western
and Eastern churches will be celebrating
Easter over the next four or five weeks
but it's likely that the numbers are
going to be incredibly low Imran Khan Al
jaer Church of the Holy sea occupied
East Jerusalem